modules/upi: Document that RHCOS is RHEL8 (#18510)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-requirements-user-infra.adoc

|===

> Note that {op-system} is RHEL 8, and inherits all hardware certifications and requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that {op-system} is based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 and inherits all of its hardware certifications and requirements.
```

> See the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/rhel-limits[Red Hat Enterprise Linux technology capabilities and limits ] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/rhel-limits[Red Hat Enterprise Linux technology capabilities and limits].
```
